 I have to text people as soon as they left and seen them return. I've called them before and I've texted them before. I'll text somebody a photo. I had this photo on my phone when it was sent to you. And literally, he had somebody pick up the phone right there and call me and say, Hey, we're coming back to do this. Why am I lucky? Next to him is like, I need a lucky guy I ever met. I texted him and I called him and you didn't. People love texting because there's distance between the communication. Texting is different than a phone call because it allows them to consume data. Look at an image grab a link without communicating back with me. Also, people love their devices. This texting is so underused by everyone. Mostly because you as a salesperson and you as a company don't commit to getting that sell number. Number four, texting is easy, it's fast, and everybody's comfortable. Five, use it for many things. You can use it to do many, many different things, not just leave a message, but photos, images, links, videos. The sixth thing is when texting use information overload. You want established that you are there to provide tremendous amount of content. There's also another benefit in texting in that. This mobile device is actually kind of small. It could be hit in a tablet, but even tablets are small, which means the customer's got a lot of content. If this buyer, this customer, this prospect, this lead visits three different places. And you're the only one that text in choices, information overload, prices, and down payments, in terms, in contracts, and possibilities, and other choices. Who stands out? Who wins? Who wins? Who wins if I've done six texts with content and the other two groups didn't even bother. By the way, that number 65% of all companies never follow up. And I provided the this prospect is lead with four five different pieces of data. Always in the text, always make an effort to set up for the next level of meetings, which could be video in person, conference call, go to meeting, in the text. If you're trying to do a deal, you're trying to keep the communication in. You're basically loobin' the line. You're greasing the wheel, the machinery. Okay, this text is just a grease in the machine, where you keep it moving. The purpose is to get a deal. Of course it is, right? The purpose is to get a deal, but we're trying to grease the lines right now. And provide more information. Always stay professional regardless of the customers position. I have a guy on my phone right now. I can't get back with him. I'm texting every day on texting, eight drops off. Okay, boom, I'll send a get a text from on the fourth day. Be professional when texting. Nobody's no pal, no dude, no dude as, no friend. I know you can be tempted to do this because basically texting could be a bit casual. You can get lured into, oh, all of a sudden, this is my friend. Not true when you're selling. Stay professional. Use the text. Combine it with the phone. You'll be great.